# App-Development
  For This Project, I had to design an inventory app. The app would contain two tables one for storing passwords and user logins and one to store inventory items in. it also had to have a screen for logging into the app, a screen to create a new account if the user had never logged into the app before. There also had to be a screen to display the items in the inventory, and a way for the user to add or remove items as needed from the inventory. The user also had to be able to change the number of each item that was placed in the inventory. Finally there had to be a way for the app to notify the user when an item reached 0. The screens that were necessary where a screen for a login, a screen for the inventory, a screen to make an account, and a notification about the SMS messaging. I tried to make it simple and straightforward. I also made the app easy to navigate.
  When I started coding the app I approached it by using algorithms and made class by class. Next, I made each function in the class slowly and made sure each one worked. I am going to apply these in the future by using algorithms and working slowly in iterations. I made sure to test it several times with the app each time over and over. I tried to make sure that each class had no marks against it in the IDE. This was important because it showed that each piece of the app was working as more was added to it.
  I had to innovate in that I never usually use algorithms and I used it this time and this helped me to find a better flow for the entire project. It was easier to organize and a better flow to the code and development. I think the best parts of my app were when I made the empty database shell and the login table. I feel that those were really well designed and I understood simple tricks to make them look better.
